Make `Instantiator` and `ErasedInstantiator` no longer @MainActor-bound (#87)
dfed/SafeDI: README.md

}
```

> An `Instantiator` is not `Sendable` – if you want to instantiate a type on a different queue than the one used by your root object, use a [`SendableInstantiator`](Sources/SafeDI/DelayedInstantiation/SendableInstantiator.swift).

Reviewer: I think people reading this will understand, but is using the word "queue" here incorrect? In the high level docs, Apple doesn't refer to these things as "queues" but "concurrent contexts" or "actors."

Author: solid feedback. How about:
```suggestion
An `Instantiator` is not `Sendable` – if you want to be able to share an instantiator across concurrency domains, use a [`SendableInstantiator`](Sources/SafeDI/DelayedInstantiation/SendableInstantiator.swift).
```

General language stolen from the [Swift programming book](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/concurrency/):

<img width="884" alt="Some kinds of data can’t be shared between concurrency domains, because that data contains mutable state, but it doesn’t protect against overlapping access" src="https://github.com/dfed/SafeDI/assets/139364/f971934d-607c-4de3-873e-eb4882fce5db">

The `erasedToConcreteExistential` parameter takes a boolean value that indicates whether the fulfilling type is being erased to a concrete [existential](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/opaquetypes/#Boxed-Protocol-Types) type. A concrete existential type is a non-protocol type that wraps a protocol and is usually prefixed with `Any`. A fulfilling type does not inherit from a concrete existential type, and therefore when the property‘s type is a concrete existential the fulfilling type must be wrapped in the erasing concrete existential type‘s initializer before it is returned. When the property‘s type is not a concrete existential, the fulfilling type is cast as the property‘s type. For example, an `AnyView` is a concrete and existential type-erased form of some `struct MyExampleView: View`, while a `UIViewController` is a concrete but not existential type-erased form of some `final class MyExampleViewController: UIViewController`. This parameter defaults to `false`.

> The [`ErasedInstantiator`](Sources/SafeDI/DelayedInstantiation/ErasedInstantiator.swift) type is how SafeDI enables instantiating any `@Instantiable` type when using type erasure. `ErasedInstantiator` has two generics. The first generic must match the type’s `ForwardedProperties` typealias. The second generic matches the type of the to-be-instantiated instance. An `ErasedInstantiator` is not `Sendable` – if you want to instantiate an erased type on a different queue than the one used by your root object, use a [`SendableErasedInstantiator`](Sources/SafeDI/DelayedInstantiation/SendableErasedInstantiator.swift).

Author: ```suggestion
The [`ErasedInstantiator`](Sources/SafeDI/DelayedInstantiation/ErasedInstantiator.swift) type is how SafeDI enables instantiating any `@Instantiable` type when using type erasure. `ErasedInstantiator` has two generics. The first generic must match the type’s `ForwardedProperties` typealias. The second generic matches the type of the to-be-instantiated instance. An `ErasedInstantiator` is not `Sendable` – if you want to be able to share an erased instantiator across concurrency domains, use a [`SendableErasedInstantiator`](Sources/SafeDI/DelayedInstantiation/SendableErasedInstantiator.swift).
```
